[Identity] Deprecate attributes related to SharedTokenCacheCredential (#51645)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/CHANGELOG.md

  - `SharedTokenCacheCredential` class is marked as `[Obsolete]` and `[EditorBrowsable(EditorBrowsableState.Never)]`
  - `SharedTokenCacheCredentialOptions` class is marked as `[Obsolete]` and `[EditorBrowsable(EditorBrowsableState.Never)]`
  - `DefaultAzureCredentialOptions.ExcludeSharedTokenCacheCredential` property is marked as `[Obsolete]` and `[EditorBrowsable(EditorBrowsableState.Never)]`
  - `SharedTokenCacheUsername` property is marked as `[Obsolete]` and `[EditorBrowsable(EditorBrowsableState.Never)]`
  - `SharedTokenCacheCredential` is no longer included in the `DefaultAzureCredential` authentication flow

### Bugs Fixed

### Other Changes

> - Hid property `VisualStudioCodeTenantId` as `TenantId` is preferred. The `VisualStudioCodeTenantId` property exists only to provide backwards compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `EditorBrowsable(Never)` attribute to property `VisualStudioCodeTenantId` as `TenantId` is preferred. The `VisualStudioCodeTenantId` property exists only to provide backwards compatibility.
```
